Add basic Earthly + Docker devcontainer example (#1)
earthly/codespaces-example: README.md

Earthly has been tested with Codespaces on Github.com and in Visual Studio Code.

## References

- [Install Earthly](https://earthly.dev/get-earthly)
- [Devcontainer Introduction](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-dev-container-configuration/introduction-to-dev-containers)
- [Codespaces Deep Dive](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/getting-started/deep-dive)
- [Secrets for Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/configuring-dev-containers/specifying-recommended-secrets-for-a-repository)

## Setup

### Basic Setup

The basic setup for Earthly in Codespaces uses Docker for running Earthly.

1. Add the .devcontainer folder and contents to the root of your repo
1. Update the example devcontainer.json and include any other features or settings you require
1. Update the example Earthfile as required by your project
1. Run `Rebuild Container` on your codespace to have it rebuild your devcontainer with the updated configuration
1. Test the installation by running `earthly github.com/earthly/hello-world+hello`
1. Your Earthly commands will now run on docker in Codespaces!

> _Note_: It is recommended to login to the docker registry to avoid any rate limiting issues. Follow the guide linked in the devcontainer.json for how to setup your secrets in your codespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: It is recommended to login to DockerHub to avoid any rate limiting issues. Follow the guide linked in the devcontainer.json for how to setup your secrets in your codespace.
```

> _Note_: It is recommended to login to the docker registry to avoid any rate limiting issues. Follow the guide linked in the devcontainer.json for how to setup your secrets in your codespace.

Reviewer: Would it be possible for the feature to automatically log you into DockerHub given those secrets? Maybe the feature skips this step if those secrets are not set.

### Setup with Satellites (Recommended)

With Satellites you can run Earthly in your devcontainer without needing to install docker or podman! This can allow you to have a more simplified setup as well as faster Earthly build times!

> _Note_: At this time the `SAVE IMAGE --push` command in Earthfiles requires you to have docker or podman installed. If you will be using this command you will still need to include installing docker in your devcontainer otherwise it can be removed.

Reviewer: I *think* that this is not strictly required actually, if you use `--no-output`. Earthly can still push images from buildkit - it just cannot output back to the client.

1. Follow the [Basic Setup](#basic-setup) steps above
1. If you already have an Earthly account:

>     - Login to your Earthly account in your devcontainer `earthly account login --token {YOUR_TOKEN_HERE}`

Reviewer: Could logging in be done automatically by the feature if the secret EARTHLY_TOKEN is provided?

    
    If you don't have an Earthly account, or haven't used satellites before, read more about them here:

>     - https://docs.earthly.dev/earthly-cloud/satellites

Reviewer: Nit: Use properly formatted links

```suggestion
    - [Earthly Satellites documentation](https://docs.earthly.dev/earthly-cloud/satellites)
```

    - Registration: https://cloud.earthly.dev/login
    - Then login with `earthly account login --token {YOUR_TOKEN_HERE}`

> 1. Launch your satellite: `earthly sat launch {YOUR_SAT_NAME_HERE}`

Reviewer: They should use `earthly org select` before this, to specify the org.
